capital = 311

oob = "BLZ_2000"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = BLZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_aa2
recruit_character = BLZ_ar
recruit_character = BLZ_acd2
recruit_character = BLZ_acr
recruit_character = BLZ_coi
recruit_character = BLZ_acas
recruit_character = BLZ_awt
recruit_character = BLZ_pot
recruit_character = BLZ_nccr
recruit_character = BLZ_aco2
recruit_character = BLZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_ncs
recruit_character = BLZ_acgs
recruit_character = BLZ_ncm
recruit_character = BLZ_mt
recruit_character = BLZ_nt
recruit_character = BLZ_ai2
recruit_character = BLZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_stc

-
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1998.8.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 87
	fascism = 5
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 3
}

recruit_character = BLZ_said_musa
recruit_character = BLZ_dean_barrow
recruit_character = BLZ_johnny_briceno

create_country_leader = {
	
	name = "Said Musa"
	desc = BLZ_said_musa_desc
	picture = "gfx/leaders/BLZ/portrait_blz_said_musa.dds"
	expire = "2030.1.1"
	ideology = centrist 
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
